1. I will be interested to analyze what kind of songs each user like to listen to, and recommend other songs based on the analysis to each user. I think it's possible to gather information on what genres of musics each user has listened to ( currently, my database does not track what songs each user has played, maybe it's better to track this information later by creating a new table), what genres/artist each user has favorited or added to his/her own playlist, and randomly pick up new songs to each user with the same attributes( genre, artist, album). For example, every month, a new table needs to be generated/updated that counts how many songs group by genre/artist each user has played during the last month. Then how many songs that each user has favorited group by genre/artist. Then a new playlist will be created consists of the type of musics that each user likes the most and recommended to him/her. Tables in my own database involved in the analysis could be: favorites, playlists, songs, artists..etc. 


2. Another interesting topic will be user segmentation/user analysis. I think it's a good idea to analyze users profiles based on geographics, age, gender, account types(paid/unpaid)..etc. there are tons of information that can be extracted here. for example, what kind of users in USA that are most likely become a paid user, what kind of music do Asian people like the most (so that we provide the most liked songs to asian users). In which city do we have the most amount of users. There are just much stuff an app can do with geographic targeting, such as push local advertisement to user based on user's location, push info of concerts or stuff based on user's location. Age is also an important factor to analyze, in my humble opinion, most music listener are young, possibly from 15 - 40. So if this assumption  can be verified by analysis then the current application can be better tailored to cater for teenages' needs, for example, teenages love to play video games, then we could build an app on Play Station or iOS app. If we also have middle age users, then these guys probably watch a lot of TV. We could put some TV commericals and stuff like that. Tables in my database related to user segmentation analysis are users(there are information on this table regarding age, location, user type and stuff), account_type. Maybe I will have some new tables that track information like what terminals that each user use to log onto the app (iPhone, PC, Android, PlayStation). Also, if we were to analyze the correlation between music genres and ages, tables like playlists and favorites will definitely be used. 